on the river not playing cards alcohol
the reefer this way no hey guys me pure
red fisher today with the video i will
be showing you guys how to duplicate any
pegasus vehicle in GTA 5 online today
that is quite easy and simple but tell
me I hopefully you guys still understand
my commentary as you guys probably here
I am a little bit sick but hopefully you
guys still understand this but the first
step of this glitch is really simple all
you have to do is go to the phone go to
contacts and call a pegasus and order in
any vehicle you want all you have to do
from there once you pick up your Pegasus
vehicle is take it to los santos customs
right outside and have someone get in it
if someone does not get in it in you do
this next part then the RV or whatever
you want to duplicate will actually
despawn so the next part after someone
gets in the driver's seat of that
Pegasus vehicle is to take any random
car off the street take it into los
santos customs and then all you have to
do is leave now once you leave you
should see that your personal or vehicle
or whatever car Pegasus vehicle you did
use for this glitch should still be
there and the personal symbol should be
off it now that means you know the
glitch has worked and your friend can
actually stay in it drive it around but
if you do leave it anywhere and leave it
for a certain amount of time I will
despawn which is the only bad part about
this glitch and now from there you can
actually call in any other Pegasus
vehicle you want and actually do the
switch over and over again and have two
of the same vehicle so that's really
about it hopefully you guys did enjoy
this should work with boats or anything
it should work with the limo it should
work with helicopters it should work
with anything just test it and comment
down below if it did work or not I
definitely should work but it would be a
bit awkward if you were going to do with
helicopters or say a plane or a boat
because if someone in a boat was like at
the dock or whatever you would have to
have your friends stay in it while you
go into a car and to los santos customs
a random car then call it back in and
then you could have two boats so you can
really do it with any vehicle that is a
pegasus vehicle and GTA online hopefully
you guys enjoyed this video if you did
please leave a like comment subscribe
and i'll see you guys next video peace